README.md, before:

# PlzOpen.Me

A simple file hosting platform, integrated into Telegram using their bot API. 

Ever get sent that really funny video or cute animal gif that you really wish you could just forward to your friend who only uses Hangouts, Discord, FaceBook Messager, or whatever else? PlzOpen.Me is trying to bridge the gap between the amazing flexibility of Telegram and all of the content Telegram allows you to share with those less flexible messaging platforms. To be as smooth and fast as the rest of Telegram, there are no user accounts or special requirements, or even any need to leave the app! To get started you simply need to start a conversation with the [@PlzOpenMeBot](https://t.me/PlzOpenMeBot) using your Telegram account. After you start up the bot, you simply forward him any message containing the media you want to share. After hes done saving the file and creating the permalink, he will send you a unique URL to share wherever you wish.

He will save as few details about your account as possible. Just enough to keep track of the chat you started with him and the files you have shared with him. No emails, no birthdays, no nothing! For the people viewing the media; there are no accounts, there are no cookies, no annoying pop-ups. PlzOpen.Me isn't trying to take away from the media, just bridge the gap between the endless stream of content from Telegram and other messaging platforms.

Commit message:

added changelog, updated hook and readme

README.md, after:

# PlzOpen.Me

A simple file hosting platform, integrated into Telegram using their bot API. 

_Please note that the connection strings, API keys, and hook addresses here are for demonstration purposes only and do not represent any valid secrets or endpoints._

Ever get sent that really funny video or cute animal gif that you really wish you could just forward to your friend who only uses Hangouts, Discord, FaceBook Messager, or whatever else? PlzOpen.Me is trying to bridge the gap between the amazing flexibility of Telegram and all of the content Telegram allows you to share with those less flexible messaging platforms. To be as smooth and fast as the rest of Telegram, there are no user accounts or special requirements, or even any need to leave the app! To get started you simply need to start a conversation with the [@PlzOpenMeBot](https://t.me/PlzOpenMeBot) using your Telegram account. After you start up the bot, you simply forward him any message containing the media you want to share. After hes done saving the file and creating the permalink, he will send you a unique URL to share wherever you wish.

He will save as few details about your account as possible. Just enough to keep track of the chat you started with him and the files you have shared with him. No emails, no birthdays, no nothing! For the people viewing the media; there are no accounts, there are no cookies, no annoying pop-ups. PlzOpen.Me isn't trying to take away from the media, just bridge the gap between the endless stream of content from Telegram and other messaging platforms.
